fix(nextjs): Keyless drift detection not firing due to async node fs methods (#6594)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/sweet-vans-wonder.md

---
"@clerk/nextjs": patch
---

> Fix keyless drift detection failing constantly due to usage of invalid methods from the fs module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix keyless drift detection failure caused by invalid fs module methods.
```

> fix(nextjs): Fix for keyless drift detection telemetry event not firing due to usage of async methods in the keyless telemetry logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix keyless drift detection failing constantly due to usage of invalid methods from the fs module
```
